docs: Reorganise examples (#2871)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: docs/content/troubleshooting/troubleshooting-with-app-protect.md

---
title: Troubleshooting with NGINX App Protect

> description: "This document describes how to troubleshoot problems with the Ingress Controller with the App Protect WAF module enabled."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "This document describes how to troubleshoot problems when using NGINX Ingress Controller with the NGINX App Protect WAF module enabled."
```

For general troubleshooting of the Ingress Controller, check the general [troubleshooting]({{< relref "troubleshooting/troubleshoot-ingress-controller.md" >}}) documentation.

> For additional troubleshooting of the App Protect WAF module itself, check the [troubleshooting](/nginx-app-protect/troubleshooting/) guide in the App Protect WAF module documentation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< see-also >}}You can find more troubleshooting tips in the NGINX App Protect WAF [troubleshooting guide](/nginx-app-protect/troubleshooting/) {{< /see-also >}}. 
```
